[Merged by Bors] - Added API guidelines to CONTRIBUTING.md (#3646)
bevyengine/bevy: .github/contributing/engine_style_guide.md

   4. Use \`variable_name\` code blocks in comments to signify that you're referring to specific types and variables.
   5. Start comments with capital letters. End them with a period if they are sentence-like.
3. Use comments to organize long and complex stretches of code that can't sensibly be refactored into separate functions.

## Rust API guidelines

> As a reference for our API development we are using the [Rust API guidelines][Rust API guidelines]. These should be respected and followed except for the following areas of disagreements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a reference for our API development we are using the [Rust API guidelines][Rust API guidelines]. Generally, these should be followed, except for the following areas of disagreement:
```
Slightly weakened, cleaned up wording.

### Areas of disagreements

Some areas mentioned in the [Rust API guidelines][Rust API guidelines] we do not agree with. These areas will be expanded whenever we find something else we do not agree with, so be sure to check these from time to time.

> All items have a rustdoc example

>    - This guideline is too strong and not applicable for everything inside of the Bevy game engine. Instead we should make use of the `examples` folder and add new examples that way if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - This guideline is too strong and not applicable for everything inside of the Bevy game engine. For functionality that requires more context or need a more interactive demonstration (such as rendering or input features), make use of the `examples` folder instead.
```

> Examples use ?, not try!, not unwrap
   - This guideline is usually reasonable, but not always required.
> Only smart pointers implement Deref and DerefMut

>    - Generally a good rule of thumb, but we're probably going to deliberately violate this for wrapper types due to the lack of any better ergonomic solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Generally a good rule of thumb, but we're probably going to deliberately violate this for single-element wrapper types like `Life(u32)`. The behavior is still predictable and it significantly improves ergonomics / new user comprehension.
```
